Obviously, our browser worked fine to do a simple test to grab that URL and
see that the values were changing, but I wanted to show you Postman. I've
just downloaded their basic version for free.
I don't have the paid version of it,
but it's a great tool for testing web services,
and you can see that it'll actually store history of it.
You can create a test suite out of here if you'd like.
But to run a simple test in here,
we can go ahead and enter our URL,
localhost:8080/conference/user, and this is of type GET.
I can Send on this, and you'll see that it retrieves
the firstname Bryan, lastname Hansen, age 43 in here. Works great.
We can also do posts in here.
So if we come in here and set a POST and create the Body,
we can add in these key valued pairs inside of here saying that I want to
pass in a key of firstname and a value of Bryan, a key of lastname and a
value of Hansen, and a key of age and a value of 43, and it will handle all
of the quotes, and strings, and manipulation, and converting it to integer
objects for us automatically.
If I call this right now, it's going to fail,
though, and give us an error back because we haven't created this method yet.
So let me hit Send on this, and you'll see we get a 405 error saying that
the request method, POST, is not currently supported. Let's add that into our code now.